# LegacyProjects
All the projects I either discontinued or didn't finish.

- **InqueritosMamaAndroid:** The Android application I developed, to be used in conjunction with the InqueritosMamaPHP backend, for the Santarém Hospital. It is the part of the application where patients get to answer the questions belonging to inquiries that the Administrators created.
- **InqueritosMamaC#:** The rewrite of the Inquéritos da Mamã application I originally developed in PHP, using the ASP.net Core framework. Decided to switch to Spring Boot/Java later on though.
- **InqueritosMamaPHP**: The original near complete Inquéritos da Mamã application, with the backend developed in PHP, using the Laravel framework, and the frontend developed with the Vue.js framework. It's the version of the Inquéritos da Mamã application closest to the completion stage, alongside the Android application that communicates with the said PHP backend. However, I decided to discontinue it because I felt like the overall code quality (both in the backend and frontend) wasn't that great and the application backend is now being rewritten in Spring Boot/Java, with the frontend being rewritten in the Angular framework. Besides, I like having types in an enterprise application, something Java and Typescript are able to provide.
- **Normiegram**: A simple toy application I was writing in order to get myself familiarized with Spring Boot. At some point I decided I knew enough about Spring Boot to start rewriting the Inquéritos da Mamã application and left the project halfway.
